okay Here I am again I'm going to do now
an instant fat burner and basically it's
one exercise which is high knees and I'm
going to have 500 rats of these high
knees the reason I love this exercise so
much because after you've complete its
500 reps you immediately feel slimmer
you feel that your your odds are tighter
and you just feel yes you want to fly
especially after it's over and I'm going
to check the time I would say I try to
do as intense as I can but honestly
sometimes I'm just happy are ye able to
finish this five hundred reps and this
exercise sometimes I it's part of my
workout and I do it before sometimes I
do it be after or sometimes this is my
workout when I'm in a complete rush when
I'm in absolute rush and I still don't
want to miss my workout it really just
takes three four minutes five minutes
the moves to the weight and it gives me
that that feeling that I've done
something for that day so I highly
recommend that you try it yourself and
and then you will know what I'm talking
about is not my timer
Who am I ready yes I am
johnathan 12
300 I'm losing my power
four-forty it's my last rest
3:35 oh no comment bye